[wip] Go ipfs 0.5 (#183)
ipfs/ipfs-docs-v2: docs/install/desktop/README.md

---
title: Desktop
---

> # IPFS desktop application

Reviewer: similarly, "IPFS Desktop" is a name, not closely associated with "Desktop" as an amorphous category.

Author: 6784034 fixes this issue.

> The IPFS desktop applicatios allow you to run your IPFS Node on your machine without having to bother with command line tools. With it, you have the power of [Web UI](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui) on tip of your hands plus a handful of shortcuts you can find on settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IPFS Desktop allows you to run your IPFS Node on your machine without having to bother with command line tools. With it, you have the power of [Web UI](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui) on tip of your fingers plus a handful of shortcuts you can find in the settings.
```

Author: 6784034 fixes this issue.
